feat: trust schema and trusted list updated to ETSI TS 119 615 and ARF v2.8 (#63)
webuild-consortium/wp4-trust-group: task2-trust-framework/trusted-list-registration-trust-evaluation-matrix.md

| **ISSU_10** | After a Wallet Unit receives a non-qualified EAA from an EAA Provider, it SHALL validate the signature of the EAA using a trust anchor provided according to the mechanism(s) specified in the applicable Rulebook, see [[Topic 12](./annex-2.02-high-level-requirements-by-topic.md#a239-topic-12---attestation-rulebooks)]. | Topic 10 | [Topic 12](./annex-2.02-high-level-requirements-by-topic.md#a239-topic-12---attestation-rulebooks) |

> | **ISSU_23** | For the verification of PID Provider access certificates, a Wallet Unit SHALL accept the trust anchors in the Trusted List(s) of Access Certificate Authorities it needs. | Topic 10 | [Topic 27](./annex-2.02-high-level-requirements-by-topic.md#a2316-topic-27---registration-of-pid-providers-providers-of-qeaas-pub-eaas-and-non-qualified-eaas-and-relying-parties) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **ISSU_23** | For the verification of PID Provider access certificates, a Wallet Unit SHALL accept the trust anchors in the LoTE(s) of Access Certificate Authorities it needs. | Topic 10 | [Topic 27](./annex-2.02-high-level-requirements-by-topic.md#a2316-topic-27---registration-of-pid-providers-providers-of-qeaas-pub-eaas-and-non-qualified-eaas-and-relying-parties) |
```

| **ISSU_33** | For the verification of Attestation Provider access certificates, a Wallet Unit SHALL accept the trust anchors in the LoTE(s) of all Access Certificate Authorities notified by Member States. | Topic 10 | [Topic 27](./annex-2.02-high-level-requirements-by-topic.md#a2316-topic-27---registration-of-pid-providers-providers-of-qeaas-pub-eaas-and-non-qualified-eaas-and-relying-parties) |

> | **ISSU_33a** | For the verification of Attestation Provider registration certificates, a Wallet Unit SHALL accept the trust anchors in all Trusted List(s) for Providers of registration certificates. | Topic 10 | [Topic 27](./annex-2.02-high-level-requirements-by-topic.md#a2316-topic-27---registration-of-pid-providers-providers-of-qeaas-pub-eaas-and-non-qualified-eaas-and-relying-parties), [Topic 31](./annex-2.02-high-level-requirements-by-topic.md#a2320-topic-31---notification-and-publication-of-pid-provider-wallet-provider-attestation-provider-access-certificate-authority-and-provider-of-registration-certificates) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **ISSU_33a** | For the verification of Attestation Provider registration certificates, a Wallet Unit SHALL accept the trust anchors in all LoTE(s) for Providers of registration certificates. | Topic 10 | [Topic 27](./annex-2.02-high-level-requirements-by-topic.md#a2316-topic-27---registration-of-pid-providers-providers-of-qeaas-pub-eaas-and-non-qualified-eaas-and-relying-parties), [Topic 31](./annex-2.02-high-level-requirements-by-topic.md#a2320-topic-31---notification-and-publication-of-pid-provider-wallet-provider-attestation-provider-access-certificate-authority-and-provider-of-registration-certificates) |
```
